**Workflow for Onboarding Specification for Chain Capital's Tokenisation
Platform**

The **onboarding phase** focuses on preparing issuers, agents, and
investors for participation in the tokenisation ecosystem. It ensures
compliance, establishes eligibility, and sets up the foundational
elements required for token issuance.

**1. Initiation Phase**

**Objective:**

Register issuers, agents, and investors on the platform.

**Steps:**

**Account Creation**:

Issuers, agents, and investors create accounts on the Chain Capital
platform.

Provide basic details (e.g., name, organisation, contact information).

**Role Assignment**:

Assign roles: Issuer, Agent, or Investor.

Roles determine the level of access and functionality available on the
platform.

**Platform Features:**

User-friendly registration forms.

Role-specific dashboards for onboarding progress tracking.

**Outcome:**

Participants are registered and assigned appropriate roles.

**2. Identity Verification (KYC/AML)**

**Objective:**

Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements by verifying the identity
of all participants.

**Steps:**

**Document Submission**:

Issuers and agents submit organisational documents (e.g., certificates
of incorporation, business licenses).

Regulated and license details or unregulated

Client onboarding documentation

Company documents

1\. Commercial register extract / Certificate of incorporation/formation

2\. Memorandum / Articles of association

3\. Regulatory status

4\. List of directors

5\. Passport copies + proof of address of directors

6\. Shareholder register

7\. Passport copies + proof of address of shareholder with more than 10%
ownership

8\. Latest financial statements

**Additional information if the company is not regulated**

• Written summary of the qualification, experience, background in
managing the assets

• Description of the business of the company

• Organisational chart

• CV of key people mentioned in org chart.

• Brief description of how the company ensures AML/KYC functions.

Investors submit personal or organisational documents (e.g.,
government-issued ID, proof of address) subject to the requirements of
the KYC-KYB integration.

**Verification Process**:

Integration with third-party KYC/AML providers or compliance oracles.

Real-time checks against global databases (e.g., PEPs, sanction lists).

**Accreditation Status**:

Verify whether investors qualify as accredited or qualified investors
based on jurisdictional rules.

**Platform Features:**

Integration with KYC/AML services (e.g., Synaps, OnFido or equivalent).

Real-time feedback on verification status.

**Outcome:**

Participants are verified and cleared for further onboarding steps.

**3. Legal and Compliance Integration**

**Objective:**

Prepare and onboard participants with all necessary legal agreements and
compliance frameworks.

**Steps:**

1.  **Legal Documentation**:

    - Issuers review and sign platform usage agreements.

    - Agents and investors accept terms of use, subscription agreements,
      or any applicable NDAs.

<!-- -->

2.  **Compliance Configuration**:

    - Issuers define compliance rules for their forthcoming token
      issuance:

      - Eligible jurisdictions.

      - Transfer restrictions.

      - Maximum investor limits.

<!-- -->

3.  **Whitelist Setup**:

    - Create an initial whitelist of eligible wallets for participants.

**Platform Features:**

Digital / cryptographic signature with audit.

Pre-configured compliance templates for issuers to customise.

**Outcome:**

Legal frameworks are established, and compliance configurations are
defined.

**4. Wallet Setup and Integration**

**Objective:**

Ensure participants have secure wallets for custody and transactions.

**Steps:**

**Wallet Creation**:

Participants can create a Guardian Wallet or link an external wallet.

**Wallet Verification**:

Verify wallet ownership through cryptographic signatures.

**Security Configuration**:

Enable multi-signature features for issuers and agents to ensure secure
operations.

Offer optional cold wallet setup for issuers.

**Platform Features:**

Guardian Wallet integration with multi-chain support.

User-friendly guides for linking external wallets.

**Outcome:**

Secure wallets are set up and verified for all participants.

**5. Compliance Rule Simulation and Testing**

**Objective:**

Test the pre-configured compliance rules in a sandbox environment to
ensure proper functionality.

**Steps:**

**Mock Transactions**:

Simulate token allocations and transfers to verify compliance
enforcement.

**Rule Adjustments**:

Modify compliance configurations as needed based on test results.

**Final Approval**:

Issuers and compliance agents approve the compliance setup.

**Platform Features:**

Sandbox environment for compliance testing.

Real-time validation and error reporting for adjustments.

**Outcome:**

Compliance rules are finalised and ready for issuance.

**6. Dashboard and Data Management**

**Objective:**

Provide participants with access to a personalised dashboard to manage
their onboarding journey.

**Steps:**

**Dashboard Setup**:

Issuers access tools for token design, compliance configuration, and
pre-issuance activities.

Investors view onboarding status, whitelisting details, and KYC/AML
approval.

**Data Verification**:

Allow participants to review and confirm their provided data.

**Onboarding Completion Notification**:

Notify participants when onboarding is successfully completed.

**Platform Features:**

Customisable dashboards for issuers, agents, and investors.

Real-time notifications for onboarding status updates.

**Outcome:**

Participants have access to a unified dashboard for managing
pre-issuance activities.

**7. Pre-Issuance Reporting**

**Objective:**

Provide issuers and agents with reports summarising onboarding progress
and compliance readiness.

**Steps:**

1.  **Summary Reports**:

    - Generate detailed reports on participant onboarding status,
      including:

      - KYC/AML results.

      - Investor / Issuer status.

      - Wallet verification status. (may not be required if Guardian
        Wallet is the only wallet supported

      - Legal document sign-offs.

<!-- -->

2.  **Readiness Assessment**:

    - Assess whether all participants meet the criteria for proceeding
      to the issuance phase.

**Platform Features:**

Automated reporting tools for issuers and agents.

Downloadable compliance and readiness reports.

**Outcome:**

Issuers and agents are equipped with actionable insights to proceed to
the issuance phase.

**Highest Level Workflow Summary**

**Account Creation and Role Assignment**:

Register participants and assign roles.

**Identity Verification (KYC/AML)**:

Verify participant identities and ensure regulatory compliance.

**Legal and Compliance Integration**:

Sign legal agreements and configure compliance rules.

**Wallet Setup and Integration**:

Establish secure custody solutions for all participants.

**Compliance Rule Simulation**:

Test and finalise compliance configurations in a sandbox environment.

**Dashboard and Data Management**:

Provide real-time onboarding progress and data management tools.

**Pre-Issuance Reporting**:

Summarise onboarding readiness for issuers and agents.

This **onboarding workflow** ensures that all participants are legally,
technically, and operationally prepared for token issuance, reducing
risks and streamlining the pre-issuance process.

**Key Features**

**Multi-Participant Interactions**:

**Participant** (Issuer, Agent, Investor) interacts with various system
components to complete onboarding.

**ComplianceAgent** handles KYC/AML validation.

**GuardianWalletService** ensures secure wallet integration.

**Phased Onboarding**:

**Step-by-step workflow**, from account registration to pre-issuance
reporting.

**Automation and Feedback Loops**:

Real-time notifications for validation results, compliance rule
adjustments, and readiness assessments.

**Sandbox Validation**:

Compliance rules are tested in a secure environment before issuance.

**Reporting**:

Issuers and agents receive consolidated reports via the dashboard to
prepare for issuance.

**1) Chain Capital Investor Onboarding Workflow**

**1. Welcome and Registration**

Welcome to the Chain Capital platform!

Issuers can customise branding elements such as background images,
logos, and primary colours to reflect their identity.

Start your investor journey by entering your email address.

Create a secure password.

Confirm your password to proceed.

Agree to Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s privacy policy and terms of use.

Click \"Sign Up\" to create your account.

Check your email for a 6-digit verification code from
**noreply@chaincapital.com**.

Enter the code to verify your email and complete account creation.

**2. Log In and Access Dashboard**

Log in using your registered email and password.

Click \"Sign In\" to access your personalised dashboard.

Explore the \"Invest\" tab, which displays a list of tokenised projects
and your qualification status for each project.

**3. Project Overview**

Select a project to view its detailed information, such as asset
details, expected returns, and terms.

Click \"Get Qualified and Invest\" to proceed.

**4. Qualification Process**

Select your investor type: \"Individual\" or \"Institution.\"

Choose your country of residency from the dropdown list.

Read and accept any disclaimers configured by the Issuer.

Review and agree to the Issuer[']{dir="rtl"}s mandatory agreement
points.

Enter the required KYC/AML details, such as:

Personal identification information (name, date of birth, nationality).

Residency address.

Financial and investment profile data.

Complete the \"Main Information\" section, which may include additional
information required by the Issuer.

**5. Wallet Setup**

Proceed to the \"Wallet Address\" step.

If the Issuer supports an integrated wallet, you can:

**Create an integrated wallet**: Read and accept the terms and
conditions, then click \"Add Wallet\" to generate your wallet.

**Connect your user-managed wallet**: Click \"Connect Wallet\" and sign
a Proof of Ownership transaction using a wallet like MetaMask.

Once the wallet is connected or generated, click \"Next\" to proceed.

**6. Document Upload**

Upload the mandatory documents specified by the Issuer, such as:

Government-issued ID.

Proof of address.

Accreditation documentation (if applicable).

Ensure all documents are complete and legible before submitting.

**7. Submission and Verification**

Submit your investor profile for review.

The Issuer initiates the KYC/AML verification process:

Chain Capital integrates with third-party compliance tools or uses
internal workflows to validate your documents and details.

You will receive an email notification once your KYC application has
been reviewed.

**8. Approval and Qualification**

After successful verification, the Issuer approves your investor
profile.

Chain Capital generates your reusable blockchain-based investment
passport (e.g., **CHAINID**) with embedded compliance claims.

Your CHAINID is now available on the blockchain, allowing you to invest
in this and future projects without repeating the qualification process.

**9. Ready to Invest**

Congratulations! You are now a qualified investor on Chain
Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s platform.

Return to the project overview and click \"Invest\" to start
participating in tokenised projects.

**Key Features of Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s Onboarding Workflow**

**Customisable Branding**:

Issuers can personalise the platform to align with their identity.

**Reusable Digital Identity**:

CHAINID acts as a blockchain-based passport, allowing investors to
qualify once and reuse their credentials across multiple projects.

**Integrated Compliance**:

Supports KYC/AML verification through internal workflows or third-party
integrations.

**Flexible Wallet Options**:

Investors can create an integrated wallet or link their existing
wallets.

**Real-Time Notifications**:

Email alerts keep investors informed about the status of their
qualification
process.![Image](media/image1.png){width="6.247148950131233in"
height="6.6929757217847765in"}

sequenceDiagram

participant Investor

participant ChainCapital

participant Issuer

participant ComplianceAgent

participant Guardian

participant GuardianPolicyEnforcement

participant GuardianWallet

participant NotificationSystem

participant Blockchain

%% Step 1: Welcome and Registration

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Enter email and password

ChainCapital\--\>\>Investor: Confirm account creation

Investor-\>\>+NotificationSystem: Verify email with 6-digit code

NotificationSystem\--\>\>Investor: Email verified

%% Step 2: Log In and Dashboard Access

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Log in with email and password

ChainCapital\--\>\>Investor: Access personalised dashboard

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: View \"Invest\" tab and project list

%% Step 3: Project Overview

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Select a project for details

ChainCapital\--\>\>Investor: Display project overview

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Click \"Get Qualified and Invest\"

%% Step 4: Qualification Process

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Select investor type
(Individual/Institution)

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Select country of residency

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Review and accept disclaimers and agreements

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Submit KYC/AML details

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Validate investor details
and enforce compliance policies

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>ChainCapital: Return KYC/AML status

ChainCapital\--\>\>Investor: Notify KYC result

%% Step 5: Wallet Setup

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Proceed to wallet setup

Investor-\>\>+GuardianWallet: Connect existing wallet or create
integrated wallet

GuardianWallet\--\>\>Investor: Confirm wallet setup

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Submit wallet details

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Enforce wallet compliance
and whitelist configuration

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>ChainCapital: Confirm wallet
verification

ChainCapital\--\>\>Investor: Notify wallet verification

%% Step 6: Document Upload

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Upload mandatory documents (ID, proof of
address)

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Validate uploaded documents

GuardianPolicyEnforcement-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Perform document
compliance checks

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Approve or reject
documents

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>ChainCapital: Return document
verification result

ChainCapital\--\>\>Investor: Notify document approval

%% Step 7: Submission and Verification

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Submit investor profile

ChainCapital-\>\>+Issuer: Share profile for review

Issuer-\>\>+GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Perform final investor
qualification

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>Issuer: Confirm investor qualification

Issuer\--\>\>ChainCapital: Approve investor qualification

ChainCapital-\>\>+NotificationSystem: Notify investor of approval

%% Step 8: Qualification and ONCHAINID Creation

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Initiate ONCHAINID creation
for investor

GuardianPolicyEnforcement-\>\>+Blockchain: Deploy ONCHAINID for investor

Blockchain\--\>\>GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Confirm ONCHAINID creation

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>ChainCapital: Confirm ONCHAINID
deployment

ChainCapital\--\>\>Investor: Notify investor of qualification completion

%% Step 9: Ready to Invest

Investor-\>\>+ChainCapital: Return to project and click \"Invest\"

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Confirm investor\'s
eligibility and enforce investment policies

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>ChainCapital: Approve investor
participation

ChainCapital\--\>\>Investor: Enable participation in tokenised project

**Guardian\'s Wallet Functions in the Investor Onboarding and Issuance
Workflow**

With the current updates, **Guardian** remains the **core technology
provider** for **Chain Capital**, handling **critical WALLET
infrastructure, compliance, and security functions**. Below is a
breakdown of Guardian[']{dir="rtl"}s functions and responsibilities:

**1. Guardian Policy Enforcement**

Guardian enforces **all compliance, policy, and regulatory checks**
before any investor or issuer action is executed. Functions include:

**Investor Compliance**

✅ **KYC/AML & Identity Verification**

- Validates investor identity and regulatory status (e.g., accredited
  investor verification).

- Ensures compliance with **jurisdictional regulations** before investor
  onboarding.

- Enforces **country-based restrictions** for investor participation.

✅ **Investor Wallet Verification**

- Enforces **wallet compliance checks** before linking to Chain Capital.

- **Whitelisting and blacklist enforcement**---ensures only compliant
  wallets can interact with tokenised assets.

- Prevents unauthorised or high-risk wallets from accessing the
  platform.

✅ **Investor Qualification & Approval**

- Enforces compliance rules based on **issuer-set policies**.

- Validates investor **ONCHAINID claims** to confirm eligibility.

- Manages the **approval process** for investor onboarding.

**Issuer Compliance**

✅ **SPV & Entity Verification**

- Verifies legal entity documentation for issuers.

- Ensures issuers comply with platform regulations before token
  issuance.

✅ **Smart Compliance Modules**

- Allows issuers to **attach regulatory & risk scoring modules**
  dynamically.

- Enforces pre-trade & post-trade **audit rules for secondary market
  trading**.

**2. Guardian Wallet**

Guardian Wallet is **responsible for all wallet services** across the
platform:

✅ **Investor Wallet Integration**

- Allows investors to create an integrated wallet or connect an external
  one.

- Ensures wallets are **whitelisted before participating in token
  purchases**.

✅ **Issuer Wallet Configuration**

- Enables issuers to define **wallet permissions & multi-signature
  policies**.

- Secures **transaction signing** and ensures fund movement aligns with
  regulatory policies.

✅ **Wallet-Based Transaction Authorisation**

- Requires **Guardian Policy Enforcement to approve transactions before
  settlement**.

- Prevents transactions if the investor/issuer violates predefined
  compliance policies.

**3. Guardian as the Core Tokenisation & Blockchain Infrastructure**

Guardian is **responsible for all on-chain tokenisation** processes,
ensuring that asset issuance and transactions remain compliant.

**Token Creation & Compliance Enforcement**

✅ **Smart Contract Deployment & Issuance**

- Deploys **security tokens, utility tokens, NFTs, and hybrid token
  structures**.

- Integrates **transfer restrictions, whitelisting, and investor
  eligibility rules** at the contract level.

✅ **ONCHAINID Creation & Lifecycle Management**

- Creates **ONCHAINID** (the reusable digital identity system for
  investors).

- Updates compliance claims dynamically to reflect investor changes
  (e.g., **change of accreditation status**).

✅ **Real-Time Cap Table Updates**

- Synchronises **investor positions & token holdings** after trades
  occur.

- Ensures **issuers have real-time access** to ownership structures.

✅ **Compliance-Enforced Token Transfers**

- Every token transfer must **pass through Guardian Policy Enforcement**
  before execution.

- Enforces **jurisdictional restrictions, secondary market compliance,
  and investor eligibility**.

✅ **Automated Regulatory Reporting & Audits**

- **Generates compliance reports** for regulators and auditors.

- Maintains an **immutable transaction record** to ensure regulatory
  adherence.

**4. Guardian Policy Enforcement in Secondary Market Trading**

Guardian plays a **critical role in enabling secondary market trading
while enforcing compliance**:

✅ **Pre-Trade & Post-Trade Compliance Checks**

- Every trade is **validated before execution** based on compliance
  rules.

- Guardian Policy Enforcement **prevents unauthorized trades** from
  executing.

✅ **Whitelist & Transfer Restrictions**

- **Whitelist enforcement ensures only eligible counterparties can
  trade.**

- **Transfer limits, jurisdictional blocks, and regulatory approvals are
  enforced automatically.**

✅ **OTC & Exchange Integration**

- Guardian **approves or denies trades** on **OTC desks & centralised
  exchanges (CEXs)**.

- Ensures that **investors meet the necessary compliance criteria before
  trading**.

**Summary of Guardian[']{dir="rtl"}s Core Functions**

  ---------------- ------------------------------------------------------
     **Guardian                         **Function**
    Component**    

     **Guardian       Manages compliance for **investors, issuers, and
       Policy       transactions**. Ensures **KYC/AML**, jurisdictional
   Enforcement**         restrictions, and secondary market rules.

     **Guardian        Provides **wallet services** for **investors &
      Wallet**          issuers**. Ensures **whitelist enforcement,
                        transaction approvals, and policy-based fund
                                        transfers**.

  **Guardian Smart    Allows **dynamic regulatory enforcement** at the
     Compliance      **token level**. Enables **issuers to attach risk
     Modules**       modules, audit tracking, and compliance add-ons**.

     **Guardian       Deploys **tokens on-chain**, enforces **transfer
    Tokenisation     restrictions, and manages ONCHAINID** for investor
      Engine**                     lifecycle compliance.

     **Guardian       Validates **secondary market transactions before
       Policy          execution**, enforces **OTC & exchange trading
   Enforcement in                         rules**.
     Trading**     
  ---------------- ------------------------------------------------------

**2) Issuer Onboarding Workflow for Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s
Tokenisation Platform**

Below is a comprehensive onboarding workflow designed for issuers using
Chain Capital\'s platform. This workflow aligns with best practices in
securitisation and private credit tokenisation.

**1. Initial Onboarding and Account Setup**

**Platform Registration**:

Issuers visit the Chain Capital platform and register their
organisation.

Input essential details, including legal entity information, contact
details, and designation of primary platform administrators.

**Legal Agreement Signing**:

Issuers review and digitally sign platform terms of service and
tokenisation-specific agreements (e.g., data usage, compliance
obligations).

Legal documents are automatically logged and stored on the platform for
reference.

**Dashboard Access**:

Issuers gain access to a personalised dashboard showing features like
token issuance options, compliance status, and asset tracking.

**2. Asset Preparation and Due Diligence**

4.  **Asset Identification**:

    - Issuers select the underlying assets to be tokenized (e.g., loan
      portfolios, Medicaid claims, real estate).

    - Enter detailed metadata for each asset, such as:

      - Type (e.g., receivables, real estate, or private credit).

      - Valuation reports, historical performance, and risk profiles.

<!-- -->

5.  **Document Upload**:

    - Upload required documentation, including:

      - Asset ownership certificates.

      - Audited financial statements.

      - Third-party valuations and appraisals.

<!-- -->

6.  **Asset Validation**:

    - Compliance agents or external validators verify asset details.

    - Chain Capital platform integrates with third-party services to
      confirm asset validity and check for encumbrances.

**3. SPV Structuring and Legal Framework (background only - not
platform)**

7.  **SPV Formation**:

    - Issuers initiate SPV setup directly through the platform in
      jurisdictions like Cayman, Jersey, or Guernsey.

    - Define legal structures (e.g., PCCs or multi-cell SPVs).

<!-- -->

8.  **Collateral Pooling**:

    - Combine selected assets into an SPV-managed pool.

    - Metadata about the pool is recorded on the blockchain.

<!-- -->

9.  **Legal Advisor Review**:

    - Legal advisors confirm SPV documentation and ensure compliance
      with jurisdictional requirements.

    - The future Platform auto-generates templates for agreements,
      prospectuses, and disclosures.

    - **In the short there will be a list of documents requested and a
      space to upload these. The user will identify / check off each
      document to each upload. See document submission on page 2.**

**4. Token Design and Compliance Configuration**

(this can be considered part of the issuance design phase from a
business perspective). It's detailed here so we can review and
'complete' the workflow.

10. **Token Standards Selection**:

    - Issuers select token standards suitable for the asset class:

      - ERC-20 for fungible tokens.

      - ERC-1400 for security tokens with compliance.

      - ERC-721 or ERC-3525 for non-fungible or semi-fungible tokens.

<!-- -->

11. **Custom Compliance Setup**:

    - Configure compliance rules, including:

      - Investor eligibility criteria (KYC/AML checks).

      - Transfer restrictions and whitelisting.

      - Regulatory caps (e.g., investor limits).

    - Use pre-built compliance templates for efficiency.

<!-- -->

12. **Compliance Review**:

    - Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s platform routes configurations to
      compliance oracles for validation.

    - Review results are logged, and issuers receive feedback for
      adjustments if necessary.

**5. Token Deployment**

(this can be considered part of the issuance design phase from a
business perspective). It's detailed here so we can review and
'complete' the workflow.

**Smart Contract Deployment**:

The platform generates and deploys token contracts on the blockchain.

Issuers define wallet addresses for contract ownership and control.

**Token Allocation**:

Allocate tokens to the SPV[']{dir="rtl"}s account for issuance.

Optional bulk allocation tools for large investor pools.

**Issuer Notification**:

Dashboard updates reflect deployed tokens and their status (e.g., locked
until investor qualification).

**6. Investor Readiness and Reporting**

**Investor Qualification Integration**:

Issuers define qualification workflows for investors, integrating
KYC/AML and accreditation checks.

**Pre-Issuance Reporting**:

Generate reports summarising compliance readiness, token allocation, and
asset collateralisation.

Share reports with stakeholders, including investors and regulators.

**Go-Live Confirmation**:

Issuers review and confirm readiness for the issuance phase.

Tokens are listed for qualified investors on the Chain Capital platform.

**Key Features**

- **Integrated SPV Structuring**: Built-in SPV formation tools to
  simplify legal setup.

- **Blockchain-Backed Asset Pools**: Secure, transparent recording of
  pooled assets.

- **Custom Compliance Rules**: Automated configuration for
  jurisdictional and investor-specific regulations.

- **Seamless Reporting**: Real-time dashboards and exportable reports
  for transparency.

sequenceDiagram

participant Issuer

participant ChainCapital

participant ComplianceAgent

participant LegalAdvisor

participant Guardian

participant GuardianPolicyEnforcement

participant GuardianWallet

participant Blockchain

%% Step 1: Initial Onboarding and Account Setup

Issuer-\>\>+ChainCapital: Register account and input organisation
details

ChainCapital\--\>\>Issuer: Confirm account creation

Issuer-\>\>+ChainCapital: Review and sign platform agreements

ChainCapital\--\>\>Issuer: Provide dashboard access

%% Step 2: Asset Preparation and Due Diligence

ComplianceAgent-\>\>+ChainCapital: Submit details for selected assets

ComplianceAgent-\>\>+ChainCapital: Upload required documentation (e.g.,
valuations, ownership)

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Validate asset details and
documentation

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>ChainCapital: Approve or request
additional verification

ChainCapital\--\>\>ComplianceAgent: Notify asset validation results

%% Step 3: SPV Structuring and Legal Framework (off-platform)

Issuer-\>\>+ChainCapital: Initiate SPV setup and configure structure

ChainCapital-\>\>+LegalAdvisor: Generate SPV agreements and disclosures

LegalAdvisor\--\>\>ChainCapital: Confirm legal framework

ChainCapital\--\>\>Issuer: Notify SPV setup completion

%% Step 4: Source Wallet Setup per Issuance

Issuer-\>\>+ChainCapital: Request source wallet creation per issuance

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianWallet: Generate dedicated source wallet per
issuance

GuardianWallet\--\>\>ChainCapital: Provide issuance wallet address(es)
potential multiple chains

ChainCapital\--\>\>Issuer: Confirm source wallet(s) are set up

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianWallet: Configure whitelists from source(s)
address(es)

Issuer\--\>\>GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Auto-Approve or request
whitelist approval

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>ChainCapital: Confirm whitelist approval

%% Step 5: Investor Readiness and Compliance Verification

Issuer-\>\>+ChainCapital: Define investor qualification workflows
(criteria)

ChainCapital-\>\>+GuardianPolicyEnforcement: Integrate KYC/AML checks
for investors

GuardianPolicyEnforcement\--\>\>ChainCapital: Confirm investor
qualification integration

Issuer-\>\>+ChainCapital: Generate pre-issuance readiness report

ChainCapital\--\>\>Issuer: Deliver compliance and allocation report

Issuer-\>\>+ChainCapital: Confirm go-live readiness

Issuer-\>\>+GuardianWallet: Configure allowed secondary market
whitelists - allow investor transfers to markets

GuardianWallet\--\>\>Issuer: Confirm secondary market readiness

![Image](media/image2.png){width="6.6929757217847765in"
height="4.696968503937008in"}
