![Image](media/image1.jpeg){width="6.6929757217847765in"
height="0.9620002187226596in"}Repackaging of Traditional Financial
Assets

One of the most innovative features of Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s
platform is its ability to tokenise and repackage existing assets held
by banks and credit funds. This process allows institutions to
fractionalise large, illiquid positions and offer them in smaller
denominations, creating new opportunities for liquidity and risk
management.

Repackaging Model:

Current Problem: Many financial institutions are sitting on large
illiquid credit positions that are difficult to sell or syndicate.
Without an efficient way to transfer ownership in smaller increments,
these assets are often held to maturity, tying up capital and creating
balance sheet inefficiencies.

Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s Solution: We tokenise these positions and
repackage them into smaller, tradable units. By doing this, we offer
holders of large credit blocks a way to sell down their positions
incrementally while continuing to hold what they don[']{dir="rtl"}t wish
to sell. This provides them with a flexible exit and improves capital
efficiency.

Benefits of Repackaging:

Fractionalised Ownership: Tokenisation enables the sale of smaller
portions of large credit assets, widening the pool of potential
investors, including those who may not have had the capacity to invest
in larger blocks.

Liquidity Creation: Repackaged assets can be sold on the secondary
market via Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s platform, enabling institutional
investors to mark their positions to market (MTM) and realise gains by
selling at favourable pricing.

Capital Recycling: This process allows institutions to recycle capital
by selling a portion of their holdings while maintaining exposure to the
remaining assets. This offers a free option to either hold or sell later
at higher prices, depending on market conditions.

Cost Efficiency: Tokenisation dramatically reduces the costs of
aggregating and packaging structured credit products, such as
Collateralised Loan Obligations (CLOs), while providing real-time risk
reporting and audit transparency for investors.

Example Transaction:

A fund holds a high-yield corporate loan at 14%. By tokenising this
position, the institution can offer fractional ownership at 12%,
realising a 2% gain while still being happy to hold the remaining
portion. This offers both flexibility and a way to generate realised
gains while maintaining exposure to strong credits.

Target Investors for Repackaged Assets:

Private Credit Funds: Seeking more liquid, lower-lockup products.

Family Offices and UHNW Individuals: Interested in smaller, diversified
investment opportunities with shorter holding periods.

Alternative Credit and ABS Funds: Able to purchase smaller slices of
larger credit pools, improving diversification.

Institutional Digital Asset Native Firms: On-chain treasuries and DeFi
investors looking to diversify into real-world assets.
