**Workflow for Onboarding Specification (Pre-Issuance) for Chain Capital
Tokenisation Platform**

The **onboarding phase** focuses on preparing issuers, agents, and
investors for participation in the tokenisation ecosystem. It ensures
compliance, establishes eligibility, and sets up the foundational
elements required for token issuance. Below is a detailed workflow for
pre-issuance onboarding.

**1. Initiation Phase**

**Objective:**

Register issuers, agents, and investors on the platform.

**Steps:**

**Account Creation**:

Issuers, agents, and investors create accounts on the Chain Capital
platform.

Provide basic details (e.g., name, organisation, contact information).

**Role Assignment**:

Assign roles: Issuer, Agent, or Investor.

Roles determine the level of access and functionality available on the
platform.

**Platform Features:**

User-friendly registration forms.

Role-specific dashboards for onboarding progress tracking.

**Outcome:**

Participants are registered and assigned appropriate roles.

**2. Identity Verification (KYC/AML)**

**Objective:**

Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements by verifying the identity
of all participants.

**Steps:**

**Document Submission**:

Issuers and agents submit organisational documents (e.g., certificates
of incorporation, business licenses).

Investors submit personal or organisational documents (e.g.,
government-issued ID, proof of address).

**Verification Process**:

Integration with third-party KYC/AML providers or compliance oracles.

Real-time checks against global databases (e.g., PEPs, sanction lists).

**Accreditation Status**:

Verify whether investors qualify as accredited or qualified investors
based on jurisdictional rules.

**Platform Features:**

Integration with KYC/AML services (e.g., Synaps or equivalent).

Real-time feedback on verification status.

**Outcome:**

Participants are verified and cleared for further onboarding steps.

**3. Legal and Compliance Integration**

**Objective:**

Prepare and onboard participants with all necessary legal agreements and
compliance frameworks.

**Steps:**

1.  **Legal Documentation**:

    - Issuers review and sign platform usage agreements.

    - Agents and investors accept terms of use, subscription agreements,
      or any applicable NDAs.

<!-- -->

2.  **Compliance Configuration**:

    - Issuers define compliance rules for their forthcoming token
      issuance:

      - Eligible jurisdictions.

      - Transfer restrictions.

      - Maximum investor limits.

<!-- -->

3.  **Whitelist Setup**:

    - Create an initial whitelist of eligible wallets for participants.

**Platform Features:**

Digital signature integration (e.g., Guardian cryptographic tools).

Pre-configured compliance templates for issuers to customize.

**Outcome:**

Legal frameworks are established, and compliance configurations are
defined.

**4. Wallet Setup and Integration**

**Objective:**

Ensure participants have secure wallets for custody and transactions.

**Steps:**

**Wallet Creation**:

Participants can create a Guardian Wallet or link an external wallet.

**Wallet Verification**:

Verify wallet ownership through cryptographic signatures.

**Security Configuration**:

Enable multi-signature features for issuers and agents to ensure secure
operations.

Offer optional cold wallet setup for issuers.

**Platform Features:**

Guardian Wallet integration with multi-chain support.

User-friendly guides for linking external wallets.

**Outcome:**

Secure wallets are set up and verified for all participants.

**5. Compliance Rule Simulation and Testing**

**Objective:**

Test the pre-configured compliance rules in a sandbox environment to
ensure proper functionality.

**Steps:**

**Mock Transactions**:

Simulate token allocations and transfers to verify compliance
enforcement.

**Rule Adjustments**:

Modify compliance configurations as needed based on test results.

**Final Approval**:

Issuers and compliance agents approve the compliance setup.

**Platform Features:**

Sandbox environment for compliance testing.

Real-time validation and error reporting for adjustments.

**Outcome:**

Compliance rules are finalized and ready for issuance.

**6. Dashboard and Data Management**

**Objective:**

Provide participants with access to a personalized dashboard to manage
their onboarding journey.

**Steps:**

**Dashboard Setup**:

Issuers access tools for token design, compliance configuration, and
pre-issuance activities.

Investors view onboarding status, whitelisting details, and KYC/AML
approval.

**Data Verification**:

Allow participants to review and confirm their provided data.

**Onboarding Completion Notification**:

Notify participants when onboarding is successfully completed.

**Platform Features:**

Customizable dashboards for issuers, agents, and investors.

Real-time notifications for onboarding status updates.

**Outcome:**

Participants have access to a unified dashboard for managing
pre-issuance activities.

**7. Pre-Issuance Reporting**

**Objective:**

Provide issuers and agents with reports summarizing onboarding progress
and compliance readiness.

**Steps:**

1.  **Summary Reports**:

    - Generate detailed reports on participant onboarding status,
      including:

      - KYC/AML results.

      - Wallet verification status.

      - Legal document sign-offs.

<!-- -->

2.  **Readiness Assessment**:

    - Assess whether all participants meet the criteria for proceeding
      to the issuance phase.

**Platform Features:**

Automated reporting tools for issuers and agents.

Downloadable compliance and readiness reports.

**Outcome:**

Issuers and agents are equipped with actionable insights to proceed to
the issuance phase.

**Final Workflow Summary**

**Account Creation and Role Assignment**:

Register participants and assign roles.

**Identity Verification (KYC/AML)**:

Verify participant identities and ensure regulatory compliance.

**Legal and Compliance Integration**:

Sign legal agreements and configure compliance rules.

**Wallet Setup and Integration**:

Establish secure custody solutions for all participants.

**Compliance Rule Simulation**:

Test and finalize compliance configurations in a sandbox environment.

**Dashboard and Data Management**:

Provide real-time onboarding progress and data management tools.

**Pre-Issuance Reporting**:

Summarize onboarding readiness for issuers and agents.

This **onboarding workflow** ensures that all participants are legally,
technically, and operationally prepared for token issuance, reducing
risks and streamlining the pre-issuance process. Let me know if
you[']{dir="rtl"}d like this visualized in a diagram or refined further!

sequenceDiagram

participant Participant

participant ChainPlatform

participant ComplianceAgent

participant WalletService

participant LegalAdvisor

participant SandboxEnv

participant IssuerDashboard

%% Step 1: Initiation Phase

Participant-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Register account and assign role
(Issuer, Agent, Investor)

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Participant: Confirm registration and role
assignment

Participant-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Submit basic details (name,
organization, contact)

%% Step 2: Identity Verification (KYC/AML)

Participant-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Submit KYC/AML documents

ChainPlatform-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Validate identity and documents

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Approve or reject verification

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Participant: Notify of verification result

Participant-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Provide additional info if requested

ChainPlatform-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Revalidate KYC/AML compliance

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Final approval

%% Step 3: Legal and Compliance Integration

ChainPlatform-\>\>+LegalAdvisor: Generate and provide platform
agreements

LegalAdvisor\--\>\>Participant: Deliver agreements for review and
signature

Participant-\>\>+LegalAdvisor: Digitally sign agreements

LegalAdvisor\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Confirm signed agreements

ChainPlatform-\>\>+Participant: Provide compliance templates (e.g.,
whitelist rules)

Participant-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Configure compliance rules and submit

%% Step 4: Wallet Setup and Integration

Participant-\>\>+WalletService: Create Guardian Wallet or link external
wallet

WalletService\--\>\>Participant: Verify wallet ownership via
cryptographic signature

Participant-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Submit wallet details

ChainPlatform-\>\>+WalletService: Validate wallet setup

WalletService\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Confirm wallet verification

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Participant: Notify wallet setup completion

%% Step 5: Compliance Rule Simulation

ChainPlatform-\>\>+SandboxEnv: Test compliance rules with mock
transactions

SandboxEnv\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Return validation results

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Participant: Notify of simulation results

Participant-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Adjust compliance rules if necessary

ChainPlatform-\>\>+SandboxEnv: Revalidate rules after adjustments

SandboxEnv\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Final compliance rule validation

%% Step 6: Dashboard and Data Management

ChainPlatform-\>\>+IssuerDashboard: Set up participant-specific
dashboards

IssuerDashboard\--\>\>Participant: Provide real-time onboarding progress

Participant-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Confirm accuracy of submitted data

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Participant: Notify onboarding completion

%% Step 7: Pre-Issuance Reporting

ChainPlatform-\>\>+IssuerDashboard: Generate onboarding readiness
reports

IssuerDashboard\--\>\>Participant: Provide downloadable compliance and
readiness reports

IssuerDashboard\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Confirm readiness for issuance
phase

**Key Features in the Diagram**

**Multi-Participant Interactions**:

**Participant** (Issuer, Agent, Investor) interacts with various system
components to complete onboarding.

**ComplianceAgent** handles KYC/AML validation.

**WalletService** ensures secure wallet integration.

**Phased Onboarding**:

**Step-by-step workflow**, from account registration to pre-issuance
reporting.

**Automation and Feedback Loops**:

Real-time notifications for validation results, compliance rule
adjustments, and readiness assessments.

**Sandbox Validation**:

Compliance rules are tested in a secure environment before issuance.

**Centralized Reporting**:

Issuers and agents receive consolidated reports via the dashboard to
prepare for issuance.

Here[']{dir="rtl"}s a **like-for-like workflow for Chain
Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s investor onboarding process (pre-issuance)**,
tailored to its platform capabilities, while ensuring compliance and a
seamless user experience. This workflow incorporates the functionalities
of a reusable digital identity system (similar to ONCHAINID) but uses
Chain Capital\'s infrastructure and processes.

**Chain Capital Investor Onboarding Workflow**

**1. Welcome and Registration**

Welcome to the Chain Capital platform!

Issuers can customize branding elements such as background images,
logos, and primary colors to reflect their identity.

Start your investor journey by entering your email address.

Create a secure password.

Confirm your password to proceed.

Agree to Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s privacy policy and terms of use.

Click \"Sign Up\" to create your account.

Check your email for a 6-digit verification code from
**noreply@chaincapital.com**.

Enter the code to verify your email and complete account creation.

**2. Log In and Access Dashboard**

Log in using your registered email and password.

Click \"Sign In\" to access your personalized dashboard.

Explore the \"Invest\" tab, which displays a list of tokenized projects
and your qualification status for each project.

**3. Project Overview**

Select a project to view its detailed information, such as asset
details, expected returns, and terms.

Click \"Get Qualified and Invest\" to proceed.

**4. Qualification Process**

Select your investor type: \"Individual\" or \"Institution.\"

Choose your country of residency from the dropdown list.

Read and accept any disclaimers configured by the Issuer.

Review and agree to the Issuer[']{dir="rtl"}s mandatory agreement
points.

Enter the required KYC/AML details, such as:

Personal identification information (name, date of birth, nationality).

Residency address.

Financial and investment profile data.

Complete the \"Main Information\" section, which may include additional
information required by the Issuer.

**5. Wallet Setup**

Proceed to the \"Wallet Address\" step.

If the Issuer supports an integrated wallet, you can:

**Create an integrated wallet**: Read and accept the terms and
conditions, then click \"Add Wallet\" to generate your wallet.

**Connect your user-managed wallet**: Click \"Connect Wallet\" and sign
a Proof of Ownership transaction using a wallet like MetaMask.

Once the wallet is connected or generated, click \"Next\" to proceed.

**6. Document Upload**

Upload the mandatory documents specified by the Issuer, such as:

Government-issued ID.

Proof of address.

Accreditation documentation (if applicable).

Ensure all documents are complete and legible before submitting.

**7. Submission and Verification**

Submit your investor profile for review.

The Issuer initiates the KYC/AML verification process:

Chain Capital integrates with third-party compliance tools or uses
internal workflows to validate your documents and details.

You will receive an email notification once your KYC application has
been reviewed.

**8. Approval and Qualification**

After successful verification, the Issuer approves your investor
profile.

Chain Capital generates your reusable blockchain-based investment
passport (e.g., **CHAINID**) with embedded compliance claims.

Your CHAINID is now available on the blockchain, allowing you to invest
in this and future projects without repeating the qualification process.

**9. Ready to Invest**

Congratulations! You are now a qualified investor on Chain
Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s platform.

Return to the project overview and click \"Invest\" to start
participating in tokenized projects.

**Key Features of Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s Onboarding Workflow**

**Customizable Branding**:

Issuers can personalize the platform to align with their identity.

**Reusable Digital Identity**:

CHAINID acts as a blockchain-based passport, allowing investors to
qualify once and reuse their credentials across multiple projects.

**Integrated Compliance**:

Supports KYC/AML verification through internal workflows or third-party
integrations.

**Flexible Wallet Options**:

Investors can create an integrated wallet or link their existing
wallets.

**Real-Time Notifications**:

Email alerts keep investors informed about the status of their
qualification process.

This workflow mirrors the Tokeny onboarding flow while leveraging Chain
Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s unique features. Let me know if
you[']{dir="rtl"}d like to further refine this or visualize it as a
sequence diagram!

sequenceDiagram

participant Investor

participant ChainPlatform

participant Issuer

participant ComplianceAgent

participant WalletService

participant NotificationSystem

%% Step 1: Welcome and Registration

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Enter email and password

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Investor: Confirm account creation

Investor-\>\>+NotificationSystem: Verify email with 6-digit code

NotificationSystem\--\>\>Investor: Email verified

%% Step 2: Log In and Dashboard Access

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Log in with email and password

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Investor: Access personalized dashboard

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: View \"Invest\" tab and project list

%% Step 3: Project Overview

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Select a project for details

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Investor: Display project overview

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Click \"Get Qualified and Invest\"

%% Step 4: Qualification Process

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Select investor type
(Individual/Institution)

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Select country of residency

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Review and accept disclaimers and
agreements

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Submit KYC/AML details

ChainPlatform-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Validate KYC/AML information

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Approve or reject KYC data

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Investor: Notify of KYC result

%% Step 5: Wallet Setup

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Proceed to wallet setup

Investor-\>\>+WalletService: Connect existing wallet or create
integrated wallet

WalletService\--\>\>Investor: Confirm wallet setup

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Submit wallet details

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Investor: Notify wallet verification

%% Step 6: Document Upload

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Upload mandatory documents (ID, proof of
address)

ChainPlatform-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Validate uploaded documents

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Approve or reject documents

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Investor: Notify document approval

%% Step 7: Submission and Verification

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Submit investor profile

ChainPlatform-\>\>+Issuer: Share profile for review

Issuer-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Initiate final KYC/AML verification

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>Issuer: Approve investor profile

Issuer\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Approve investor qualification

ChainPlatform-\>\>+NotificationSystem: Notify investor of approval

%% Step 8: Qualification and CHAINID Creation

ChainPlatform-\>\>+Blockchain: Deploy CHAINID for investor

Blockchain\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Confirm CHAINID creation

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Investor: Notify investor of qualification
completion

%% Step 9: Ready to Invest

Investor-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Return to project and click \"Invest\"

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Investor: Enable participation in tokenized project

**Diagram Explanation**

1.  **Interactive Flow**:

    - Clearly outlines interactions between the **Investor**,
      **ChainPlatform**, **ComplianceAgent**, **WalletService**, and
      **NotificationSystem**.

2.  **Sequential Steps**:

    - Each phase of the onboarding process is presented in logical
      order:

      - Registration.

      - KYC/AML.

      - Wallet setup.

      - Document upload.

      - Qualification and CHAINID creation.

<!-- -->

3.  **Dynamic Notifications**:

    - Includes real-time notifications (via **NotificationSystem**) to
      keep the investor informed.

<!-- -->

4.  **CHAINID Deployment**:

    - Demonstrates how the investor[']{dir="rtl"}s blockchain-based
      identity (CHAINID) is created upon qualification.

From the provided resources, I can create a detailed issuer onboarding
workflow for Chain Capital\'s tokenization platform based on
securitization, asset-backed finance, and private credit concepts. The
workflow will be tailored to the typical process issuers would go
through to tokenize assets using Chain Capital\'s platform.

Let me extract the key details and structure them into a granular
step-by-step onboarding process for issuers. This will include features
like asset selection, SPV structuring, compliance configuration, and
issuance design.

**Issuer Onboarding Workflow for Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s
Tokenization Platform**

Below is a comprehensive onboarding workflow designed for issuers using
Chain Capital\'s platform. This workflow aligns with best practices in
securitization and private credit tokenization.

**1. Initial Onboarding and Account Setup**

**Platform Registration**:

Issuers visit the Chain Capital platform and register their
organization.

Input essential details, including legal entity information, contact
details, and designation of primary platform administrators.

**Legal Agreement Signing**:

Issuers review and digitally sign platform terms of service and
tokenization-specific agreements (e.g., data usage, compliance
obligations).

Legal documents are automatically logged and stored on the platform for
reference.

**Dashboard Access**:

Issuers gain access to a personalized dashboard showing features like
token issuance options, compliance status, and asset tracking.

**2. Asset Preparation and Due Diligence**

4.  **Asset Identification**:

    - Issuers select the underlying assets to be tokenized (e.g., loan
      portfolios, Medicaid claims, real estate).

    - Enter detailed metadata for each asset, such as:

      - Type (e.g., receivables, real estate, or private credit).

      - Valuation reports, historical performance, and risk profiles.

<!-- -->

5.  **Document Upload**:

    - Upload required documentation, including:

      - Asset ownership certificates.

      - Audited financial statements.

      - Third-party valuations and appraisals.

<!-- -->

6.  **Asset Validation**:

    - Compliance agents or external validators verify asset details.

    - Chain Capital platform integrates with third-party services to
      confirm asset validity and check for encumbrances.

**3. SPV Structuring and Legal Framework**

**SPV Formation**:

Issuers initiate SPV setup directly through the platform in
jurisdictions like Cayman, Jersey, or Guernsey.

Define legal structures (e.g., PCCs or multi-cell SPVs).

**Collateral Pooling**:

Combine selected assets into an SPV-managed pool.

Metadata about the pool is recorded on the blockchain.

**Legal Advisor Review**:

Legal advisors confirm SPV documentation and ensure compliance with
jurisdictional requirements.

Platform auto-generates templates for agreements, prospectuses, and
disclosures.

**4. Token Design and Compliance Configuration**

10. **Token Standards Selection**:

    - Issuers select token standards suitable for the asset class:

      - ERC-20 for fungible tokens.

      - ERC-1400 for security tokens with compliance.

      - ERC-721 or ERC-3525 for non-fungible or semi-fungible tokens.

<!-- -->

11. **Custom Compliance Setup**:

    - Configure compliance rules, including:

      - Investor eligibility criteria (KYC/AML checks).

      - Transfer restrictions and whitelisting.

      - Regulatory caps (e.g., investor limits).

    - Use pre-built compliance templates for efficiency.

<!-- -->

12. **Compliance Review**:

    - Chain Capital[']{dir="rtl"}s platform routes configurations to
      compliance oracles for validation.

    - Review results are logged, and issuers receive feedback for
      adjustments if necessary.

**5. Token Deployment**

**Smart Contract Deployment**:

The platform generates and deploys token contracts on the blockchain.

Issuers define wallet addresses for contract ownership and control.

**Token Allocation**:

Allocate tokens to the SPV[']{dir="rtl"}s account for issuance.

Optional bulk allocation tools for large investor pools.

**Issuer Notification**:

Dashboard updates reflect deployed tokens and their status (e.g., locked
until investor qualification).

**6. Investor Readiness and Reporting**

**Investor Qualification Integration**:

Issuers define qualification workflows for investors, integrating
KYC/AML and accreditation checks.

**Pre-Issuance Reporting**:

Generate reports summarizing compliance readiness, token allocation, and
asset collateralization.

Share reports with stakeholders, including investors and regulators.

**Go-Live Confirmation**:

Issuers review and confirm readiness for the issuance phase.

Tokens are listed for qualified investors on the Chain Capital platform.

**Key Features**

- **Integrated SPV Structuring**: Built-in SPV formation tools to
  simplify legal setup.

- **Blockchain-Backed Asset Pools**: Secure, transparent recording of
  pooled assets.

- **Custom Compliance Rules**: Automated configuration for
  jurisdictional and investor-specific regulations.

- **Seamless Reporting**: Real-time dashboards and exportable reports
  for transparency.

sequenceDiagram

participant Issuer

participant ChainPlatform

participant ComplianceAgent

participant LegalAdvisor

participant WalletService

participant Blockchain

%% Step 1: Initial Onboarding and Account Setup

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Register account and input organization
details

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Issuer: Confirm account creation

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Review and sign platform agreements

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Issuer: Provide dashboard access

%% Step 2: Asset Preparation and Due Diligence

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Submit details for selected assets

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Upload required documentation (e.g.,
valuations, ownership)

ChainPlatform-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Validate asset details and
documentation

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Approve or request additional
verification

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Issuer: Notify asset validation results

%% Step 3: SPV Structuring and Legal Framework

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Initiate SPV setup and configure structure

ChainPlatform-\>\>+LegalAdvisor: Generate SPV agreements and disclosures

LegalAdvisor\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Confirm legal framework

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Issuer: Notify SPV setup completion

%% Step 4: Token Design and Compliance Configuration

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Select token standards (e.g., ERC-20,
ERC-1400)

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Configure compliance rules (KYC/AML, transfer
restrictions)

ChainPlatform-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Validate compliance configurations

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Approve or request adjustments

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Issuer: Confirm compliance rules are finalized

%% Step 5: Token Deployment

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Deploy token smart contracts

ChainPlatform-\>\>+Blockchain: Generate and record tokens on blockchain

Blockchain\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Confirm token deployment

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Issuer: Notify token deployment success

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Allocate tokens to SPV or investor accounts

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Issuer: Update dashboard with token allocation
status

%% Step 6: Investor Readiness and Reporting

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Define investor qualification workflows

ChainPlatform-\>\>+ComplianceAgent: Integrate KYC/AML checks for
investors

ComplianceAgent\--\>\>ChainPlatform: Confirm investor qualification
integration

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Generate pre-issuance readiness report

ChainPlatform\--\>\>Issuer: Deliver compliance and allocation report

Issuer-\>\>+ChainPlatform: Confirm go-live readiness

ChainPlatform-\>\>+Blockchain: Activate tokens for issuance

**Key Features of the Diagram**

**Phased Workflow**:

The diagram covers **registration**, **asset validation**, **SPV
structuring**, **token deployment**, and **investor readiness**.

**Multi-Participant Interactions**:

Shows interactions between the **Issuer**, **ComplianceAgent**,
**LegalAdvisor**, **WalletService**, and **Blockchain**.

**Sequential Flow**:

Highlights step-by-step dependencies, ensuring clarity in onboarding.

**Blockchain Integration**:

Demonstrates how tokens are generated and deployed using blockchain
technology.

**Notifications and Approvals**:

Tracks feedback loops for compliance and validation at each stage.
