**Goals and Value Proposition of the Chain Capital Issuance Plus MVP**

**Goals**

**Facilitate Efficient Digital Securities Issuance**

Enable issuers to design, deploy, and issue tokenised securities
seamlessly.

Provide flexible token structuring across multiple ERC standards (e.g.,
ERC-20, ERC-721, ERC-1400, ERC-1155, ERC-3525, ERC-4626)

Does not include our own identity and claims verification AVCS within
this MVP

Allow configuration of token attributes, supply, and compliance settings
in a low-friction, scalable manner.

**Ensure Compliance and Regulatory Adherence**

Enforce KYC/AML and jurisdictional compliance for all participants.

Implement transfer restrictions, investor qualification rules, and
anti-money laundering (AML) checks.

Leverage Guardian Policy Enforcement to apply real-time compliance
policies.

Provide audit logs to ensure regulatory reporting and transparency.

**Enhance Security and Risk Controls**

Introduce multi-signature (2-of-3) approval workflows for key issuance
actions (e.g., token minting, transfers).

Implement role-based access control (RBAC) to ensure secure issuance and
token management.

Utilise cryptographic key management for secure asset handling.

**Automate Cap Table and Investor Management**

Provide real-time cap table updates to track investor holdings and
allocations.

Automate token mint distribution, subscription tracking, and redemption
workflows.

Offer CSV-based bulk investor uploads and dynamic cap table adjustments.

**Enable Structured Redemption and Buybacks**

Facilitate interval-based redemption for structured credit and fund
products.

Integrate NAV-based token buybacks using oracle price feeds.

Ensure liquidity-sensitive repurchase processing for over-subscribed
redemptions.

**Improve Transparency and Operational Efficiency**

Deliver real-time notifications for key issuance events (e.g., minting,
burn, subscription confirmation, mass token distribution, and
redemptions, all with issuer and compliance approvals).

Implement audit logs for tracking all transactions, approvals, and rule
enforcement.

Integrate smart contract-driven governance for asset-backed token
management.

**Value Proposition**

Institutional-Grade Token Issuance: Provides a compliant, scalable, and
secure solution for issuing digital securities.

Regulatory Compliance Built-In: Enforces KYC/AML, transfer restrictions,
and investor qualification requirements automatically.

Real-Time Visibility & Control: Enables automated cap table tracking,
rule enforcement, and redemption processing.

Secure Multi-Signature Workflows: Enhances risk management with
2-of-3-4-of-5 governance approvals for key issuance actions.

Automated Redemption for Interval Funds: Supports NAV-based buybacks and
structured repurchase mechanisms.

Future-Ready Architecture: Designed for interoperability, compliance,
and scale, ensuring that issuers can adapt to evolving regulatory
frameworks and financial structures.

The Issuance Plus MVP ensures a robust, compliant, and transparent
framework for tokenised financial products, offering issuers a secure
and streamlined way to launch and manage digital securities.
