**Token Design Key Functions and Workflow Summary**

**Purpose**: Enable issuers to design and structure tokenised assets
within projects using configurable Token Building Blocks, preparing them
for deployment with embedded compliance rules, culminating in smart
contract generation.

**Key Functions**:

**Project Management**:

Allows issuers to create, select, or remove projects to organise token
configurations.

Includes fields: Project Name, Description, Creation Date (read-only).

Supports dynamic addition/removal of projects with confirmation prompts.

**Token Building Blocks Configuration**:

Enables configuration of repeatable Token Building Blocks with core
attributes:

Token Name, Symbol, Decimals (0--18), Total Supply.

Token Standard selection (ERC-20, ERC-721, ERC-1155, ERC-1400, ERC-3525,
ERc-4626).

Ownership Wallet assignment (defaults to issuer[']{dir="rtl"}s address).

Ratios for multi-token relationships (e.g., 1:1, 1:1000).

Provides a metadata editor with dynamic fields based on token standard.

ERC-20: Name, Symbol, Description, Total Supply, Contract Address.

ERC-721: Name, Description, Image URL, Attributes (e.g., Rarity, Color).

ERC-1155: Multi-token support (Fungible/Semi-Fungible/Non-Fungible,
Amount, URI, Burnable/Transferable toggles).

ERC-1400: Security rules (Jurisdiction, Whitelist, Issuance/Maturity
Dates).

ERC-3525: Semi-fungible properties (Token ID, Slot, Value, Interest
Rate).

Offers real-time metadata preview and smart contract code generation.

**Draft and Validation**:

Supports saving projects in ["]{dir="rtl"}Draft" status for iterative
editing.

Validates total supply and ratios across blocks to ensure consistency.

Includes tooltips for guidance (e.g., ["]{dir="rtl"}Interest Rate:
Annual yield for ERC-3525 tokens").

**Deployment Preparation**:

Previews smart contract code before finalisation.

Enables submission for Rule Management validation and multi-signature
approval for deployment.

Tracks status: Draft, Pending Review, Approved, Paused.

**Workflow**:

**Project Creation/Selection**: Issuer navigates to the
["]{dir="rtl"}Token Design" screen, selects or creates a project, and
inputs basic details.

**Token Configuration**: Configures Token Building Blocks, edits
metadata, and defines relationships/ratios.

**Draft Review**: Saves as a draft, previews smart contract code, and
validates attributes.

**Rule Integration**: Submits for Rule Management validation, ensuring
compliance rules are embedded.

**Deployment**: Deploys the smart contract on the blockchain with
multi-signature approval (2-of-3 consensus).

**MVP Features**:

Intuitive UI with project selector, dynamic blocks, and metadata editor.

Real-time validation and preview functionality.

Status tracking and collaboration tools for issuers, compliance agents,
and agents.

Basic smart contract generation for ERC-20, ERC-721, and ERC-1155 (with
placeholders for ERC-1400, ERC-3525).

**Enhancements for Consideration**

To improve functionality, usability, and scalability, consider the
following enhancements for the Token Design module:

1.  **Advanced Metadata Customisation**:

    - **Suggestion**: Add support for custom metadata fields (e.g.,
      legal disclaimers, regulatory tags) to accommodate diverse asset
      types or jurisdictions, enhancing flexibility for issuers.

    - **Benefit**: Enables issuers to tailor tokens for specific
      regulatory or market needs, improving compliance and adoption.

2.  **Version Control for Drafts**:

    - **Suggestion**: Implement version history for drafts, allowing
      issuers to revert to previous configurations or compare changes,
      with timestamps and user notes.

    - **Benefit**: Enhances collaboration among issuers, agents, and
      compliance teams, minimising errors during iterative design.

3.  **Interactive Smart Contract Simulation**:

    - **Suggestion**: Provide a simulation environment to test smart
      contract behaviour (e.g., minting, burning, transfers) before
      deployment, with real-time feedback on rule enforcement.

    - **Benefit**: Increases confidence in token functionality, reduces
      deployment risks, and ensures compliance rules work as intended.

4.  **Scalable Multi-Token Support**:

    - **Suggestion**: Enhance ERC-1155 support with batch editing tools
      for managing multiple token types/IDs, including bulk metadata
      updates and ratio adjustments.

    - **Benefit**: Supports complex multi-token structures (e.g., hybrid
      fungible/non-fungible offerings), improving scalability for future
      use cases.

5.  **Collaborative Review Workflow**:

    - **Suggestion**: Add a collaborative review panel where Compliance
      Agents and Agents can annotate drafts, suggest changes, and track
      review status, with real-time notifications.

    - **Benefit**: Streamlines compliance validation, enhances team
      coordination, and ensures regulatory alignment before deployment.

6.  **Error Prevention and Alerts**:

    - **Suggestion**: Implement real-time error alerts for invalid
      inputs (e.g., negative supply, mismatched ratios) and recommend
      fixes, with an undo option for recent changes.

    - **Benefit**: Reduces user errors, improves efficiency, and
      maintains data integrity during token design.

7.  **Integration with Market Data**:

    - **Suggestion**: Allow issuers to integrate external market data
      (e.g., price feeds, asset valuations) into Token Building Blocks
      for dynamic supply adjustments or NAV, pricing models, using
      Oracle APIs.

    - **Benefit**: Enhances token economics, aligns with real-world
      asset values, and supports data-driven decision-making.

These enhancements build on the existing robust token design
functionality, offering improved usability, compliance, and scalability
while maintaining the MVP[']{dir="rtl"}s focus on simplicity and
security. They position Chain Capital as a leader in tokenised asset
issuance, catering to both technical and non-technical issuers.
